hi everybody this is jonathan marina
with Megatech Beasley and today we're
gonna show you how to set up a Wix
website and set your name servers and
get you all set up and this is only for
a regular website if you want your calm
not the dot links calm so here we are
going to go first
to Wix calm and I think I'm already
signed into my account
yes so first we're gonna get everything
started now this is only if you've
already set up your premium account so
see here my kids go cruising we've got
this see it says um this is my premium
accounts so what we're going to do is
first click manage premium and like I
said we're just getting everything set
up you know so we can you know put all
our information in now of course you
have to buy a domain name and luckily
it's kind of nice if you buy a Wix
account you automatically get free
hosting and it's set by them so what we
are going to do is first we are going to
go to GoDaddy
now here I have my website kids go
cruising calm and this is all my
information here so first what you have
to do is set the name servers now of
course you have to have your premium
account so name servers for Wix our
ms-21 domain control comm and NS - - dot
domain control comm and what you will do
is you will copy and paste those into
your name servers so here's your main
screen this is your domain manager and
you click the manage domain names and
set name servers and then you will set I
have specific name servers for these
domains and put in your domain names
I'll just keep this up for a moment and
it'll just put those in and then click
OK and now validate submit it it'll take
normally up to two hours may tip up to
48 for these events to take a change so
we're done with that we've set our name
servers and we're done with Wix we've
set that so every the hosting is set up
but the websites not there yet so what
you have to do is you have to go to your
domain page on your manage crema account
on your Wix account and then you will go
to your website so kids go cruising comp
and then here it'll say add domain name
my domain name I've already put this in
so what you do is you just put in your
domain name kids go cruising calm and
then you can check it and it'll check to
make sure your domain names all set up
and then you will just click done
so there we just activated it I'll go
back to Wix and now all you have to do
everything's all set up so now all you
have to do is just go to your my account
this is the last step that loads here it
goes and then go to your website and
this is the website builder we'll do on
the next part we're gonna show you how
to build an actual website this video is
just for getting started and activating
everything so slowing up my website now
that I've created it's coming up and now
all you have to do here's the website
it's all set up to go just click publish
and then I'll already say your side
dress will be kids go cruising calm yes
I am good with that publish and it'll
save changes so I'll check your premium
status and upload all the pages and
that's all you have to do and that is
how you set up a website on Wix I hope
this helped you and please subscribe and
like the video and stay tuned for part
two which will show you how to create an
actual website online see ya